I have my pan heating over add three
tablespoons of olive oil in there add
one medium onion that I chopped up I
been making this for years and this is
one of my favorite I've tried different
recipes and I'd like the other recipe
you always come back to this there's a
medium onion in there about a cup and
here is garlic just one kuo put that in
there and we're gonna start our stop
this way and I'm going to let this just
cook and get soft I have the onions they
cooked up the go a little Brown there
pop Japan was a little bit too hot so
I'm going to add a big can of tomatoes
28 ounces and add 6 ounces of tomato
paste
better there and another six ounces of
tomato paste
[Music]
and then I'm going to add one cup of
water I'm just going to go ahead and put
the water in this pan and kind of rinse
it out and now for the seasonings here
is one tablespoon of sugar 1 bay leaf 1
and 1/2 teaspoons of salt and I also
need one and a half teaspoons of flaky
oregano leaves oregano and about a half
a teaspoon of pepper and you just want
to stir this up and cook it for 30
minutes for the meatballs here I have
three slices of bread that I have in a a
colander strainer like thing and I've
run water over it to get it all wet I'm
going to take it over here to the sink
and squeeze out most of the water
and I'm gonna put that in there if
you're using the real cheap bread I have
three slices there if you're using the
real cheap bread and I would use four
slices and here is one pound of ground
beef and one garlic clove that I chopped
up and I'm going to put two eggs in here
here is one teaspoon of salt we're going
to add dried parsley one teaspoon of
dried parsley and oregano 1 teaspoon of
dried oregano 1/2 cup of Parmesan cheese
[Music]
and just a little pepper we mix all this
up in and make meatballs and fry them up
my pens been hating on medium heat I'm
gonna add some olive oil in there and
here's my bowl with the hamburger the
ground beef mixture I'm gonna start
making the meatballs and just put them
in here and you want to fry these up
just slowly not fast or anything just
slowly just put them in there probably
do the half of them and then you know in
two batches
god I can't wait to eat this this is
gonna be good one of my old old recipes
I'm still on my first batch here
probably gonna take three batches
I just carefully turn them just want to
gently cook these and then down on
however many sides they turn out to be
these are three four sides turn down the
pan just a little bit medium heat was
just a little too hot you just want
cooking slowly
[Music]
the sauce is simmered for really 45
minutes
here's the meatballs I made and I've let
the meatballs rest and cool off
it cooled off for like 30 minutes 45
minutes because if you don't let them do
that they'll kind of break up in the
sauce and you won't have meatballs you
just have like ground beef in there so
put those in there and mix them in
gently and you have your spaghetti and
meatballs just about that we need to let
the meatballs heat up for about 30
minutes
[Music]
kisum pasta little bit al dente
and the sauce getting meatballs
[Music]
check that out
and sprinkle with a little bit of
parmesan good stuff the cheap stuff
whatever
[Music]
you have a delicious meal I guarantee
you this is good thanks so much for
watching
[Music]